I guess people who knew me already knew that something unhappy happened to me, but I think I should still write something about it. 
It is about an assignment(name : bookcase), I uploaded my source code to my github 2 days after the assignment was due. Well, github is the usual place where I put all my code for exercises and personal practice. Unlucky for me, someone copied my code and submitted it as answer for the assignment without telling me, which caused the problem.
On January 26th , a meeting called plagiarism panel took place, to discuss the details of the plagiarism thing and to conclude what kind of punishment the school will set. Before that meeting, I thought things discussed in this meeting would be about how much information I can give to prove I am the first writer of my code and what kind of apology I want to get from the other student.
To my surprise, neither of the two things happened, instead, the whole meeting has been about why I uploaded my code for a formal assignment to my github and set it public and the time of the uploading(which is sure a mistake of mine). Do not misunderstand me here, the teachers who attended this meeting were all friendly and doing their job, so I am not writing this to complain about teachers. 
First, I want to answer the first question seriously. Why I uploaded my code? I have been doing lectures for the whole TB1. Forgive me for arrogantly using the word “lecture”, I spent much more time than you can see in the C lab recordings to prepare for anything I shared in the lab class. The reason why I was keeping doing this voluntarily is the sad memory of my undergraduate study when I fell behind and no one helped me. I deeply understand the feeling of failure and desperate as many classmates may feel in TB1.
Second, why I upload my code only 2 days after the deadline? Well, that is because I believe in the goodness of people. In China, there is an old saying: “人之初，性本善”, that means everyone was born with good nature. So I truly felt bad for the truth that someone copied my code. And I know he/she must be under unimaginable stress for betraying his/her honesty. And that is also why I felt uncomfortable about the meeting on January 26th , the meeting firstly put me in a place that I was reckoned as someone who is willing to assist the plagiarism rather than a victim. I guess that is the culture difference between UK and China. I respect the method school took to investigate dishonesty. But as a high-level university, I think it is also worth considering to trust your students to be honest first and let the truth do the rest of the work.
Finally, I will keep uploading my code to my github for the rest of the units in this program, but no code for assignment. I hope all classmates who visit my github can understand my decision.
Good luck with your final C assignment.
